---
title: Quick Start
linktitle: Quick Start
description: PaySuper is a payment service with a customizable payment form that allows accepting online payments on the web and mobile devices.
date: 2019-10-07
publishdate: 2019-10-07
lastmod: 2019-10-07
layout: single
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "getting-started"
    weight: 100
categories: []
keywords: []
aliases: []
draft: false
toc: true
---

**[PaySuper is an open-source payment toolkit](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-management-api)** that has significant features:

* **Payment methods**
  {{% tip %}}
  Supports all payment methods necessary to accept payments from users anywhere in the world.
  {{% /tip %}}

* **Operation speed**
  {{% tip %}}
  Fast loading for a good paying conversion.
  {{% /tip %}}

* **Localization**
  {{% tip %}}
  The look of the payment form and the selection of final payment methods can be independently configured for each country or region.
  {{% /tip %}}

## All you need to get started:

#### 1. Go through the PaySuper Onboarding

#### 2. [Set up your project and products](#set-up-your-project-and-products)

Easily add the necessary information about your products for payment.

> Game keys
> 
> Virtual items
> 
> Virtual currency

Then associate created IDs with goods on your platform.

#### 3. Integrate the PaySuper payment form

Embed the PaySuper payment form on all your available platforms.

Flexible UI form integration on your site or game:

> Modal window
> 
> iframe
> 
> New window

#### 4. Receive information about transaction

Webhooks allows you to get the information about all payment statuses. Thus you can notify a customer about a successful purchase.

## Set up your project and products

1. Navigate to [the Project section](https://link) in the PaySuper Admin.
2. Create a New Project.
3. Add Products in the created Project with all the applicable information.
4. Reference the created products by IDs with the goods on your client-side. 

    [See the example and the code on GitHub.](https://)

## Integrate a payment form

When your customer wants to pay for something you need to create a payment order.
You can send a request manually to create an order or use the [PaySuper JS SDK](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-js-sdk).

The order parameters can include all available information about a customer, project and products in a payment token generated by [Tokens API](https://docs.stg.pay.super.com/api-reference/token/#endpoints). Also, it’s possible to create an order without a customer information.

The payment form can be displayed by the JS SDK methods as a modal window or an iframe. With manual integration you can redirect a user to payment page in a new window or display it as an iframe.

**Set up [integration manual](#manual-integration) or with [JS SDK](#js-sdk-integration).**

### JS SDK INTEGRATION

1. Include a link to the external javascript file from [PaySuper JS SDK](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-js-sdk):

    {{< highlight javascript >}}
    <script src="https://static.protocol.one/payone/sdk/latest/p1payone.js"></script>
    {{< /highlight >}}

2. Add a code snippet to your site to prepare the PaySuper form parameters of an order:

    **Example of an order by token:**
    {{< highlight javascript >}}
    <script>
    function buyItems() {
      const paySuper = new PaySuper({
        token: '5cd5620f06ae110001509185'
      });
    }
    </script>
    {{< /highlight >}}

    **Example of an order for Virtual items:**
    {{< highlight javascript >}}
    <script>
    function buyItems() {
      const paySuper = new PaySuper({
        project: '5cd5620f06ae110001509185',
        products: ['5d848f484dd6a50001970479', '6g848f484dd6a50001976528'],
        type: 'product'
      });
    }
    </script>
    {{< /highlight >}}

    **[The full list of an order parameters](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-js-sdk#paysuper-options)**

3. Display the payment form in a modal window:

    {{< highlight javascript >}}
    paySuper.renderModal();
    {{< /highlight >}}

    Likewise, you can display a payment form as an iframe on your site:

    {{< highlight javascript >}}
    paySuper.renderPage();
    {{< /highlight >}}

    **[Learn more about the form methods](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-js-sdk#paysuper-form-methods)**

4. Set up handlers for transaction states:

    {{< highlight javascript >}}
    paySuper.on('paymentCompleted', function() {
    // You can show a message about payment is completed;
    });
    {{< /highlight >}}

    **[Full events list in the expected order of execution](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-js-sdk#paysuper-events)**

**Full code snippet for a payment form with a token parameter and a handler for a completed payment:**

{{< highlight javascript >}}
<script>
function buyItems() {
  const paySuper = new PaySuper({
      project: '5cd5620f06ae110001509185',
      products: ['5d848f484dd6a50001970479', '6g848f484dd6a50001976528'],
      type: 'product'
  });
paySuper.renderModal();
paySuper.on('paymentCompleted', function() {
    // You can show a message about payment is completed;
});
}
</script>
<button onclick="buyItems()">BUY</button>
{{< /highlight >}}

### MANUAL INTEGRATION

1. Add to your site a method to initiate a payment [Tokens API](https://docs.stg.pay.super.com/api-reference/token/#endpoints).

    More than that, you can send a request to initiate a payment with only known parameters about your project and products without a user data [Order API](https://docs.stg.pay.super.com/api-reference/orders/#endpoints).

2. After a customer initiates a payment you have to retrieve the response parameter payment_form_url - the payment form URL.

3. Open a payment form in a new browser window by URL payment_form_url.

    Likewise, you can integrate a payment form as an iframe on your site:

{{< highlight javascript >}}
<iframe src="{payment_form_url}"></iframe>
{{< /highlight >}}

<!-- 4. Webhook code example -->

## Webhooks

The PaySuper system can send webhooks to your server for a set of events about transactions and user actions. Types of events described in the list notification types.

Set up webhooks for your project for all event types.

## Customization
PaySuper payment form is optimized for display on a wide range of mobile devices (tablets and smartphones). The display logic takes into account the device-specific touch controls and the use of an on-screen keyboard.

You can customize the payment form created by [PaySuper JS SDK](https://github.com/paysuper/paysuper-js-sdk) for all devices:

#### Change the theme

{{< highlight javascript >}}
const paySuper = new PaySuper({
    viewScheme: 'light'
  });
{{< /highlight >}}


Parameters|Values
---|---
viewScheme|'dark' (default), 'light'

#### Change the colors

`headerTextColor` overrides the default value of the viewSchemeConfig object:

{{< highlight javascript >}}
const paySuper = new PaySuper({
    token: '5cd5620f06ae110001509185',
    viewSchemeConfig: { 
        headerTextColor: '#333333'
    }
  });
{{< /highlight >}}

Parameters|Default values
---|---
headerTextColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7)'
headerProjectTitleColor|'#fff'
headerServiceTitleColor|'#fff'
cartBackgroundColor|'#333b50'
cartBoxShadowColor|'rgba(51, 59, 80, 0.8)'
cartHoverTextColor|'#06eaa7'
cartOldPriceColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.3)'
cartTextColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7)'
cartTotalStrokeColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)'
cartTotalTextColor|'#06eaa7'
formBackgroundColor|'#424c66'
localeChangerModalBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)'
localeChangerModalBoxColor|'#333b50'
localeChangerModalColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7)'
localeChangerModalCurrentColor|'#06eaa7'
localeChangerModalHoverBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
localeChangerModalHoverColor|'#06eaa7'
localeChangerPageBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)'
localeChangerPageBoxColor|'#333b50'
localeChangerPageColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7)'
localeChangerPageCurrentColor|'#06eaa7'
localeChangerPageHoverBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
localeChangerPageHoverColor|'#06eaa7'
buttonAlign|'center'
buttonColor|'#fff'
buttonBoxColor|'#5b88de'
buttonActiveBoxColor|'#4e7fdb'
buttonHoverBoxColor|'#6891e1'
buttonDisabledOpacity|'0.7'
buttonBeforeColor|'#fff'
buttonAfterColor|'#fff'
checkboxColor|'#fff'
checkboxIconColor|'#fff'
checkboxHoverColor|'#06eaa7'
checkboxHoverIconColor|'#06eaa7'
checkboxCheckedColor|'#fff'
checkboxCheckedIconColor|'#06eaa7'
checkboxDisabledOpacity|'0.7'
preloaderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1)'
preloaderSpinColor|'#06eaa7'
inputBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)'
inputBoxColor|'transparent'
inputColor|'#fff'
inputDisabledOpacity|'0.5'
inputErrorBorderColor|'#fc7e57'
inputErrorBoxColor|'#fc7e57'
inputErrorColor|'#fff'
inputFocusBorderColor|'#06eaa7'
inputFocusLabelColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.3)'
inputHoverBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
inputLabelColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
selectBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)'
selectBoxColor|'transparent'
selectColor|'#fff'
selectPlaceholderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
selectDisabledOpacity|'0.5'
selectFocusBorderColor|'#06eaa7'
selectHoverBorderColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
selectOptionsBoxColor|'#424c66'
selectRemoveColor|'#fc7e57'
cardSelectAddCardColor|'#fff'
cardSelectAddCardHoverColor|'#06eaa7'
tipCartBoxColor|'#424c66',
tipContentColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.5)'
tipFormBoxColor|'#333B50'
tipHeaderColor|'#fff'
tipLinkHoverColor|'#06eaa7'
iconInfoColor|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.3)'
iconInfoHoverColor|'#06eaa7'
stubContentColorPrimary|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2)'
stubSpinContentColorPrimary|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.15)'
stubContentColorSecondary|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1)',
stubSpinContentColorSecondary|'rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.1)'
stubTotalColor|'rgba(6, 234, 167, 0.3)'
stubSpinTotalColor|'rgba(6, 234, 167, 0.2)'
